So, Jenny Motion is an Android emulator, which includes a complete set of sensors and features in
order to interact with the virtual Android environment.
Let's go ahead and download Jenny Motion desktop and install it.
So all open favorite Web browser search for Gennie motion for a site is typically the official site
of, but here, as you can see of Janni motion right here.
So click on it.
Scroll down a little bit quickly.
Look for the features.
So see how it has solutions for on demand on cloud providers and desktop.
And we'll download the desktop solution.
Now, like I said before, it has a free version for personal use, and after 30 days, its features
will be limited.
But what is available is going to be enough for our tests and what I'm going to show you.
So we'll go to the download page.
And these are all the available downloads for different operating systems, so download it for your
operating system.
Save the file, OK?
And it gets downloaded, so let's open it up.
So now that it's finished, we can install so during installation, Jenny Motion also installed a Shell
script to the modification of sensor statuses.
So we'll drag them to the application folder.
All right, so it's open any motion from Launchpad.
All right, so here we need to create an account to continue, so we'll create an account with a personal
email address.
Now, I've registered and activated my account with my email address, so that means I'm ready to log
in.
And you log in with your credentials and click next.
So we don't have a license, so we want to continue with personal use.
All right, next, except the user license agreement and next.
OK, so insulation is complete.
Now, we arrived at the menu of Gennie motion.
In the following lectures, we will install a virtual device just by using the plus button.